and that
good to walk with us
and I'm about to make some delicious
Breads milestones to accompany my eggs
they are spectacular they are like clouds
and you're already in the oven
small rolls very easy bread
make very rich and then make yourself more
flaneras really the name are pop
over they are called pop covers and they are very
Americans and they are made in these molds
that you have here at home
lady do it 's way if you're going to
stay the same for that we put them
lemon rolls
I'm taking out zest
because I want them to have a flavor
little acid to counteract the
flavor of the egg we are like something
acid and I want you to really know to
lemon and I'm doing it the best
way is to have a grater cited as
this and if you are one this
grater that has cheese in new
side parts there has to grate
for citrus zest
and I come to see this that is the stem
and to have a much better taste than
chop it finely
here we are stinging and I do not want to leave it
long I will tell you why if we leave
long could when one bites the bread
success could be confused with a
horse and is very unpleasant people
he does not know he is not eating and there is no
nothing more unpleasant than a little horse
in the soup is good how rich we
We are hard-line and it is very easy to
do I'm going to put all the
all ingredients that are milk
it's egg
egg cream a spatula
this to work backwards is very
funny
but my dear pepillo wants to see the
blender then here I am demonstrating
the blender
we need water
we need a pinch of salt
you look for
Pepper
the zest
and here I have more zest
pick up my table and we're three quarters
flour rates
let's mix everything and I'm going to preheat
the oven at 350 degrees fahrenheit 180
centigrade I have my planets already
previously greased
I will take advantage to clean my table in
work surface I love doing it the
I really have here ready
ingredients
the knives as we always say
they always go outside the sink
so as not to cut us
we are ready to see how it is
until when will I continue to beat anything
more until foam comes out nothing more
I exaggerate in what he estimates to be
ready for the gabon
the table if it is rigid if it is very light
much more vigilance than the consistency of
a mix of foster's but I need
integral is ready air that is
important for laying for these
gaps for these gaps then it is
rich that the thing that we're going to take this
delicious many people filled them with
more worms as well as coming out of the oven
but it 's because they go very fast in the
oven
to burst
starting to have smoking
and meters I will see the oven because in the
oven we have our eggs
I would like you to please take nothing
more than delight
Wow
in parents well also much better
the truth is so delicious about four
minutes will be ready and my
parents also call be ready now
I have some ready for the presentation
final
we can see how it already has foam
and it 's ready I'm going to remove this from here
and good
fill in three quarters of your
capacity
each of the molds
and I am very happy with this section
how good there are people who do not like
a lot but no way for you to have runs
and he will not pay you then if he has
store that store and so all the
today's students of thinning to and
other than just music
so they are not being denounced because
it grieves me more than you wanted the
true that nothing I sent a greeting
with great affection for my sister- in- law admits to
Mrs. Jimenez neither she nor because neither
clean or iron or anything else he spends
watching us mani love
they are good you send many kisses
half also the unexpected lady says
lazy
Today we have 15 push-ups that with meetings we
says that in the gym
I said look how are you going to cry if
for a rich man in the gym I got tired
a lot and no more goes out to ask for a report
no, my girl, apply yourself, really, guadalupe
I love your program very much and if
it happens to me I wake up to see the
I'm a fan of
you receive a hug and kiss from me
part that god blesses them and that they wish
from lupita thank you very much equally
He also says Elena Hernandez Loafer
look look I denounce my carnal to
Sofía Hernández says well then wait
pancho francisco actions for all so
everything quickly willingly the one that was
that you do not know or a soup and is
point of getting married do not please me to
josé luís alonso who is his wife
what output to the merchandise are not accepted
donations but I say
has to be from the spinster group yes
miss I never believe in what you do not
you have married look at jose luis wants a
woman to have her on an altar not that
is cooking or those things for that
better than josé luís see us the
repetitions already tells you to work from
truth seems to me better and here the
miss or citizen truth that is going to
to marry you give me have good with
meaning is clear to us too
before leaving they can not see the
repeat and let her throw the food to
next day loose this as the
christian is and everyone else we like
as in some that we know here
you do not know that they are misogynistic to be
misogynist bisexual because they treat badly
women treat me very badly all
them with hong to do that sport but
I are going down my huevitos
It was all like a soufflé
you to wait for the saucer
come out of the oven and I just what
wonder and I'm going to buy it for a ball
of cream cream very well
the recipe if you want more I invite you to
subscribe to the youtube channel and so
you can have our recipe book with you
virtual when you need it